
In the example Manifest above the first Container is a Timeline. One content resource, an MP3 file, is associated with the Timeline via a Painting Annotation for its entire duration. Typically the duration of the Timeline matches the duration of its content. This is the simplest time-based use case. The `target` property of the Painting Annotation is the whole Timeline, because it is simply the `id` of the Timeline without further qualification. In this simple case, playing the Timeline is the same as playing the MP3.

The second Container is a Canvas, representing a 2D surface. In this case the Canvas represents an artwork, and there is no duration property. The content resource, a JPEG image of the artwork, is associated with the Canvas via a Painting Annotation. The unit integer coordinates of the Canvas (12000 x 9000) are not the same as the pixel dimensions of the JPEG image (4000 x 3000), but they are proportional - the Canvas has a 4:3 landscape aspect ratio, and so does the JPEG image. The `target` property of the Annotation is the Canvas `id`, unqualified by any particular region; this is taken to mean the content (the image) should fill the Canvas completely. As the Canvas and the image are the same aspect ratio, no distortion will occur. This approach allows the current image to be replaced by a higher resolution image in future, on the same Canvas. The Canvas dimensions establish a coordinate system for _painting annotations_ and other kinds of annotation that link content with the Canvas; they are not pixels of images.

The third Container is a Scene. Unlike a Canvas, it is not a bounded spatial extent, but may be a bounded temporal extent if it has the optional duration property. It still establishes a coordinate space (x, y, z) but doesn't need any spatial properties to do so as it is always the same, infinite unbounded space. The Annotation paints the astronaut model into the Scene. As no further qualification is given, the astronaut model is placed at the (0,0,0) origin of the Scene. Later examples will show how to control the lighting and camera position(s) and properties, but this is not required; a IIIF viewer is expected to supply ambient light and a default camera position in the absence of specific values.


This requires careful consideration of the URI schemes for `id` properties of Containers and their Manifests to ensure they remain referenceable in the future.


use this in an example:
The point around which RotateTransform rotates the space is the origin. This "pivot point" cannot be changed directly, but instead a TranslateTransform can be used to move the desired pivot point to the be at the origin, then the RotateTransform applied.
